[Laughter]
[Music]
oh excuse me you just hit me in the head
don't you have something to say for men
apologize to the gray head she almost
croak whatever it's not like she has
much longer anyway don't you have a
grandmother because someone treating her
this way wouldn't happen
besides I trained my grandma well she
knows when to shut her trap yeah
so her teeth don't fall up shouldn't you
be at home cooking for some old fart
anyway
[Music]
look not talking anymore you should
known with a face like that nobody would
be caught dead with you Oh actually I
just lost my husband oh well maybe you
could check with mall security someone
might have found him sucking back a
prune juice and brought him back did he
kill himself because he couldn't live
with your ugly ass anymore why you if
you have nothing nice to say why don't
you just leave me alone come on guys
let's go to Jimmy's and get some burgers
catch the next bus okay I'm starving
we'll see you later constipated
Carter get out here ready to go move it
mister or no more video games for the
rest of the week come on be polite
[Music]
hi I'm Lane your next-door neighbor we
just wanted to stop by and welcome you
to the neighborhood
uh hi I'm Angela nice to meet you we
made you a little something oh that's so
nice
and who was this young man oh this is my
son Carter
[Music]
nice to meet you Carter would you like
to come in for a cup of tea I was just
preparing some sure Carter and I have
some time
thank you
ah so Angela how do you like the
neighborhood so far well I just moved in
a week ago but everybody I met so far
has been very friendly how long have you
lived here
well about five years or so we chose
this neighborhood because it's close to
my office and there were a couple of
schools close by for Carter you know I
used to teach at Glenview just around
the corner up until I retired oh really
oh that's where Carter goes what a small
world isn't it Carter
I guess Angela
Carter's been really struggling with his
grades lately and with my schedule I
just don't have time to help him I'm
just wondering do you do any part-time
chattering or what's with you she just
moved in don't start bothering already
oh it's not like I'm failing anything oh
you don't have to worry about me young
man
be my pleasure to teach you a lesson or
two hmm would be no trouble at all in
exchange perhaps Carter could help me
around the house with a few things this
movements taking a toll on my old boat
Oh
oh that's wonderful thanks so much
Angela you're very welcome
[Music]
hello Carter all right come in we can
sit in the dining room follow me
look I'm only here because my mom is
forcing me to and if you think that I
owe you anything for not ratting me out
last time harder you may be a bully in
the street but you're in my house now so
you're gonna play by my rules and show
some respect or what or if you prefer
I'll tell your parents everything then
went down the other day at the bus stop
I'm sure your teachers would love to
hear that story too okay fine whatever
okay fine
mrs. Wellington okay fine
mrs. Wellington good
you see those boxes over there I want
you to move them upstairs for me
this isn't tutoring it I'm the teacher
you're the student you don't get to
question my teaching methods
lift with your knees not your back
[Music]
Oh mrs. Wellington I'm done for today
I'm gonna head out now Thank You Carter
Hey except your father I haven't seen
him around is he working out of town
Shasta met yourself
oh sorry Carter
I didn't mean to upset you I was just
curious you never mentioned him look
he's gone all right
and he's never coming back I don't want
to talk about this anymore
okay gonna see you tomorrow Carter
[Music]
a Carter are you finished yet um yeah
yes
Carter this is a classic you just state
the facts but don't give your take on it
you need to develop your ideas you need
to immerse yourself in the story but I
don't see any of your creativity in this
writing because this book's boring
really it's important to be open minded
in life you know you don't want to just
gloss over your life like you did this
book you miss out on so much
[Music]
perhaps to find this more inspiring what
if I asked you to do your assignment on
this instead this is an original and
it's mint where'd you get this well my
husband Harold collected comics
collecting them since he was your age
the boxes and boxes upstairs personally
I don't see what's so great about them
but if it will help you with your
writing have you ever read one before
actually no couldn't get past a couple
of pages just never appealed to me mmm
looks like it just gave yourself some
homework because you're gonna have to
read it too I suppose I will and
remember it's important to be
open-minded in life you can miss out on
so much ah so you were actually
listening to something I said so we have
a deal then you come back Friday with
your report and I'll review it after I
finish reading the comic
[Music]
this is a lot better in fact what you
wrote helped me understand the nuances
of the storylines you can actually do a
good job if you put your mind to it
Thanks so did you like the comic look as
bad as I expected
in fact beat your crappy classics hands
down I don't think I'd go that far
but I will admit I did enjoy the part
where he discovered his superpowers that
was the best part um mrs. Wellington do
you think I could see some more of your
husband's comics follow me
[Music]
please
those were my husband's favorites
[Music]
you can borrow them if you want really
yes but bring them back I might want to
read a few myself okay thanks
besides something were to happen at them
Harold would come back and haunt you
[Music]
this is the first copy Wow
hey man what gives
Hey look is it old hay from last time
I'm gonna say hi her again I need that
old people smell out to be coming from
somewhere
[Music]
yo let's go whatever loser
you